everyone down here from the iPod touch
world and today I'm showing you guys the
grand theft auto 5 security deposit bag
I'm going to show you guys some
practical scenarios if you are involved
in a heist so let's get to it everyone
let's see what else this security
deposit bag can withstand
we've tested out how durable this bag is
by running it over in a car we've burnt
it with a flame and we've also been
throwing it around in the backyard and
the only damage so far was a little burn
mark down the bottom here but now we're
going to finally test if it is
waterproof and we're going to take the
paper money out and see if there's any
wet notes or anything so let's check it
out we don't want to get the lock wet
so we're just going to dip it in this
way let's check out the money now
hopefully the lock still works okay oh
it's leaked through the notes are
completely saturated so it looks like
it's not completely waterproof oh well I
enjoyed doing this video guys